README.md, before:

# About me

I'm a Portland, Oregon based software engineer and engineering leader who is passionate about building great engineering teams with a focus on autonomy and accountability. I'm currently employed at Nike as a Senior Engineering Manager in the Marketing Technology org, leading a number of teams focused on building out the Nike Communications Platform. Prior to that, I was responsible for leading the development of the Nike Activity Platform. If you've used the [Nike Run Club](https://www.nike.com/us/en_us/c/running/nike-run-club) or [Nike Training Club](https://www.nike.com/us/en_us/c/nike-plus/training-app) apps, the systems managing that data were built by the team I helped lead.

I'm also the host of the Nike Tech Talks, a highly successful series of events showcasing world class subject matter experts from across the industry, an internal evangelist for and organizer of our open-source program, and an advocate for building strong and healthy engineering cultures.

At various times I have been:

* a software engineer, architect, and leader (both tech lead and people manager)
* the founder and organizer of the now defunct [PNWScala](http://pnwscala.org/) conference
* a conference speaker at OSCON (2010, [2015](https://youtu.be/7R5FLvr-aBE)) & [AWS re:invent 2016](https://youtu.be/-LiQCpPj8RM)
* a user group founder & organizer, including [DorkbotPDX](http://dorkbotpdx.org/), [PDXScala](https://www.meetup.com/PDXScala/), and various others
* a presenter at a variety of user groups, meetups, and company events
* a proofreader and reviewer for numerous technical books

I have more books than I know what to do with and not enough time to read them all. Which is how it should be. I adore dogs, especially my own, and I love watching movies and binging on great TV shows with my wife.

Commit message:

Updated to reflect leaving Nike with a bit more of a broad overview. :)

README.md, after:

# About me

I am a Portland, Oregon based engineer and leader with a long time obsession with learning and problem solving. I spend a lot of my time reading and researching, but I’m most happy when I’m able to work collaboratively with a team, applying our collective experience and problem solving strategies to address real challenges. I consider myself very technical, though I spend a lot less time immersed in coding and details of each and every stack we leverage than I used to as an individual contributor or even a first-level manager. I enjoy maintaining a broad view of the software development landscape and lean towards being a generalist, but I have spent the most time focused on backend, distributed, cloud-based systems with a focus on automation and DevOps.

Through June 2021, I was employed at Nike as a Senior Engineering Manager in the Marketing Technology org, leading a number of teams focused on building out the Nike Communications Platform. Prior to that, I was responsible for leading the development of the Nike Activity Platform. If you've used the [Nike Run Club](https://www.nike.com/us/en_us/c/running/nike-run-club) or [Nike Training Club](https://www.nike.com/us/en_us/c/nike-plus/training-app) apps, the systems managing that data were built by the team I helped lead.

I was also the host of the Nike Tech Talks, a highly successful series of events showcasing world class subject matter experts from across the industry, an internal evangelist for and organizer of our open-source program, and an advocate for building strong and healthy engineering cultures.

At various times I have been:

* a software engineer, architect, and leader (both tech lead and people manager)
* the founder and organizer of the now defunct [PNWScala](http://pnwscala.org/) conference
* a conference speaker at OSCON (2010, [2015](https://youtu.be/7R5FLvr-aBE)) & [AWS re:invent 2016](https://youtu.be/-LiQCpPj8RM)
* a user group founder & organizer, including [DorkbotPDX](http://dorkbotpdx.org/), [PDXScala](https://www.meetup.com/PDXScala/), and various others
* a presenter at a variety of user groups, meetups, and company events
* a proofreader and reviewer for numerous technical books

I have more books than I know what to do with and not enough time to read them all. Which is how it should be. I adore dogs, especially my own, and I love watching movies and binging on great TV shows with my wife.
